How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file
help you see the bug that was introduced?

It focused my attention to the lines which had been changed,
thereby reducing the overall search time for the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having access to older versions of the same file allows you to
look back and learn from previous mistakes, as well as easily 
spot new ones.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
to create a commit like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The obvious pro is that you have ultimate control over size and 
frequency. Your commits are tailored to your specific project. 
The obvious con is that you are responsible for each commit and may 
not be as dilligent about it. A version automatically saved guarantees 
to give you a baseline resolution.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs,
treat each file separately?

Git allows for saving multiple file changes, since together they 
may be the components of a single logical change to a project. Google
Docs, with its automatic saving of versions, could not easily support
this type of version control.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
history of files?

'git log' will show you the timeline of commits with each of their
descriptive messages, while git diff will show the changes between 
different commits. Best to use it on consecutive commits to see 
immediate changes.

How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?

Knowing that you can revert back to a working commit is like 
having a safety net. You can make changes boldly knowing that 
all you need to do to return to a working state is to checkout
an older commit.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to
try using git for?

I'd like to use it firstly to properly manage all of my
teaching documents.